Reword Nix conceptual overview (#7)
nix-community/nix: doc/manual/src/design/overview.md

Nix consists of layers that operate fairly independently.

At the top is the *command line interface*, translating from invocations of Nix executables to interactions with the underlying layers.

Below that is the *Nix language*, a [purely functional programming](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Purely_functional_programming) language.
It is used to compose expressions which ultimately evaluate to self-contained *build plans*, used to derive *build results* from referenced *build inputs*.

::: {.note}
The Nix language itself does not have a notion of *packages* or *configurations*.
As far as we are concerned here, the inputs and results of a derivation are just data.

> In practice this amounts to a set of files in a file system.

Author: https://github.com/nix-community/nix/pull/7#discussion_r855162840 We should still leave that here for peace of mind of absolute beginners, even if keeping the store data in a file system is an implementation detail.

Reviewer: Yeah moving it from the store layer intro to this note makes me OK with it. The note is more casual, and specifically there to address confusion.

Reviewer: Good compromise :)

Nix consists of layers that operate fairly independently.

At the top is the *command line interface*, translating from invocations of Nix executables to interactions with the underlying layers.

Below that is the *Nix language*, a [purely functional programming](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Purely_functional_programming) language.

> It is used to compose  expressions which ultimately evaluate to *derivations* — self-contained *build plans* to derive new data from referenced input data.

Reviewer: Avoiding Nix terms except for layers as we discussed, also extra space.
```suggestion
It is used to compose expressions which ultimately evaluate to self-contained *build plans*, which describe how to derive new data from referenced input data.
```

Author: Fixed differently.

> It is used to compose expressions which ultimately evaluate to self-contained *build plans*, used to derive *build results* from referenced *build inputs*.

Author: ```suggestion
It is used to compose expressions which ultimately evaluate to self-contained *build steps*, used to derive *build results* from referenced *build inputs*.
```

In case we agree to [call derivation graphs "build plans"](https://github.com/NixOS/nix/pull/6420#issuecomment-1105299320).

::: {.note}
The Nix language itself does not have a notion of *packages* or *configurations*.
As far as we are concerned here, the result of a derivation is just data.
In practice this amounts to a set of files in a file system.
:::

The command line and Nix language are what users interact with most.

Underlying everything is the *Nix store*, a mechanism to keep track of derivations, data, and references between them.

> It can also *realise derivations*, that is, *execute build instructions* to produce new data.

Reviewer: Avoiding Nix terms except for layers as we discussed, also extra space.
```suggestion
It can also execute build plans to produce new data.
```

> It can also execute *build instructions* captured in the build plans, to produce new data.

Reviewer: Grammar
```suggestion
It can also execute *build instructions*, captured in the build plans, to produce new data.
```
or
```suggestion
It can also execute *build instructions* captured in the build plans to produce new data.
```
I think?

> It uses the file system as a persistence layer, and a database to keep track of references.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I would drop this. Before I said "Well, there are other stores too", but I think a simpler and better reason is that this is implementation not interface --- we ought to introduce each layer with *what* or *why*, not *how*.

Author: Agreed. This may be more appropriate in the Store section at the end.

> This chapter describes Nix starting at the bottom with the store layer, working its way up to the user-facing components described in the rest of the manual.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This chapter describes Nix starting at the bottom with the store layer, then working its way up to the user-facing components described in the rest of the manual.
```
I still like "then" :), though agreed the rest of the sentence is certainly better!
